we had a bit of a hard time figuring out
exactly what to make this video about on
the one hand it's obviously about the
razor blade 2019 which is a super sick
laptop it's powerful it's got rigid
construction it's got great features
it's pretty much the complete package
but on the other hand it's also the
first gaming laptop in three years to be
available with an OLED display so I
guess we're also going to have to take a
deep dive into that because there are
things that we love about it but also
some things that left us kind of
scratching our heads what's going in and
out of your PC when you're connected to
the Internet
well with glasswire you can find out and
see if there are any suspicious or badly
behaving apps use offer code line is to
get 25 percent off at the link in the
video description
[Music]
let's not beat around the bush here
looking at this Samsung manufactured
display is a treat 600 nits peak
brightness 100% DCI p3 coverage HDR 400
certification and calibration from the
factory and just looking at the desktop
backgrounds like hahaha good the colors
I mean even just opening the settings
menu which is in dark mode by default
nice touch Razer is super satisfying
like 600 nits with perfect blacks means
an incredible contrast ratio that just
makes all the text and icons jump out at
you
overall this right here is the most
satisfying display that we have ever
seen on a laptop for watching Netflix
the thing is buying a $3,300 machine to
just watch Netflix is maybe not the best
idea ever so let's investigate some
other use cases
fortunately the blade 20:19 has the
specs to back up that price rocking an
Intel Core i7 9750 h6 core processor 16
gigs of upgradeable sodium ran in dual
channel and an NVIDIA r-tx 2080 max-q
which will allow you to really crank up
the details in your games at 4k while
you're at it by the way you might as
well even turn on r-tx since the one
thing that you won't be getting out of
this display is more frames per second
unfortunately due to its 4k resolution
this OLED panel won't do anything over
60 Hertz and it doesn't even have G sync
which means that for gamers I simply
can't recommend the OLED display model
of the blade 2019 especially when
there's an option to equip this computer
with a 240 Hertz 1080p IPS panel which
will not only give you a considerable
competitive advantage but it'll just
make everything feel way smoother while
even saving you a buck it is $300
cheaper now this might be a bit of a
tangent but I haven't griped about it
recently and I feel like I've got to get
it out of my system I feel like there's
this
disconnect between display marketing and
panel manufacturers and what would
actually be best for consumers thing is
4k sounds like a great idea on paper but
this is a 15 inch display not a 65 inch
one and you would actually need to get
within 11 inches of this thing like
uncomfortably close to actually make out
the individual pixels that's four and a
half inches closer than even the
MacBooks Retina display so for my part I
would much rather see a company like
Samsung invests in a 1440p OLED panel
with like a 120 Hertz refresh rate which
by the way still offers plenty of pixel
density at this size that way I could
easily recommend this laptop to movie
watchers and any gamer that isn't an
eSports professional which isn't to say
though that the trade-off won't be worth
it for some people the blade 2019 is
still awesome to look at for games and
great for productivity too so maybe then
it'll be great as an everyday carry
laptop with some extra punch for a
creative applications like video editing
along with some sightseeing triple-a
gaming at first glance it definitely
seems so as always the build quality of
the blade is fantastic with the aluminum
chassis super thin bezels and matte
black appearance giving it a premium
look that works both at LAN parties and
at business meetings that is depending
on how you configure your art beat
there's also plenty of i/o including a
couple USB Taipei's a single Thunderbolt
three full-sized HDMI and mini
DisplayPort the freaking massive
trackpad maintains its place as the best
trackpad on any Windows laptop I really
can't say enough good things about it
but as for the keyboard I can't quite
say the same it's not bad but Alienware
and a soos have really raised the bar
for gaming laptop keyboards in the last
year knocking the blades keyboard down
from say an a-minus - more like a B+
with the spectacularly stupid short
right shift key eliminating the plus I'm
gonna call it a B now one leg up the
blade 19 has on other gaming laptops is
Windows hello facial recognition a
really nice touch for anyone that plans
to use the blade on the go which by the
way is very possible given it six hour
battery life in our testing although
your results may vary significantly here
depending on what exactly is on the
screen yes we're back to the screen
because the thing is because each pixel
on an OLED panel emits its own light the
power draw of the display is highly
dependent on what's on the screen so
fire up a picture of Batman swimming in
a pool of ink at night and it might
consume only a watt or two that is far
less than the LCD version of the blade
2019 but a bright image or heaven forbid
a webpage that's not in dark mode you're
looking at more like 15 watts of power
consumption so if you're planning on
staying away from power outlets you need
to make sure that you enable dark mode
everywhere you go so then that's a
pretty easy solution leaving us then
with a powerful computer with
respectable battery life and a beautiful
screen so you guys are probably thinking
and I sure was well this is a digital
creators dream and by the way did chew
through big timelines and large renders
with aplomb except for a couple of
problems so first is the audio the
speakers are
okay but we did find them lacking in the
low-end which wouldn't matter even
except that the headphone DAC was
mediocre when compared to those found in
a soos laptops second up is that
although the OLED screen looks beautiful
to the eye
I simply cannot recommend trusting it
for colour critical work so going back
to how on OLED each pixel emits its own
light well the thing is there isn't
enough power available to drive all of
the pixels at once at their highest
brightness which is where average pixel
levels or APL comes in so in order to
achieve high levels of brightness in
some spots on the display saturation and
therefore color accuracy has to be
sacrificed to make sure that the display
as a whole doesn't consume more than its
overall power budget the most obvious
situation where this can be seen is that
the color accuracy of the panel goes up
by 35% just by going from the brightest
setting to one notch down now this might
seem like a crazy design decision but
for watching videos or playing video
games this is a trade-off that I agree
is well worth it because our eyes are
much more sensitive to changes in
brightness than they are to changes in
color it just also means that as I said
unfortunately this panel can't be
trusted by digital artists because if
they were to go and change their
brightness their accuracy could all of a
sudden be way off and we haven't even
mentioned the elephant in the room
burnin with OLED since each individual
pixel is emitting its own light they can
actually degrade at different rates
depending on what kind of light they're
used to emitting throughout their
lifetime so if there's an area of your
screen that's always bright like say the
Start menu icon in Windows or the hot
outline of your favorite game after a
while
it could become edged into the panel
basically ruining the picture quality
now Razer seems pretty confident about
this one and Samsung clearly took their
time on it but $3,000 is a lot to ask
for the privilege of beta testing
something
so then now for the really difficult bid
would I recommend the blade 2019 well
with the 240 Hertz display absolutely
once again Razer has nailed having a
laptop that kicks ass in games while
also functioning surprisingly well for
non gaming related tasks as for the OLED
screen version well it's not ideal for
gaming artists can't trust it and it's
damn expensive
so aside from flexing that you paid
$3,300 for the best darn Netflix machine
that money can buy I just can't find a
good reason to recommend it but I do
like it I mean the color the contrast
like I really want it but yeah I
shouldn't you shouldn't buy it but like
other people should buy it like they've
gotta fund the development somehow right
it's just so beautiful maybe with like a
high refresh rate 1440 maybe that is the
dream isn't it today's video is brought
you by drop com featuring the mass drop
object to headphone amplifier aka the o2
amp this amp was designed and created
with feedback from over 500 mass drop
members on what they wanted and serves
as the ideal baseline reference
amplifier for powering anything from
in-ear monitors to HD 800 s you can
adjust the input output and power
Arrangements in two differed gains
medium and standard and it delivers big
clear and accurate sound new users who
sign up to the website get $10 off this
end so check it out over on drop comm so
thanks for watching guys like dislike
check over to buy this in the video
description also check out our merch
George has cool shirts like this one and
underwear like this hold on wait wait
he's gonna die hold on this table is so
high on to jump oh there there though
there there you saw them